well the alasan brigades has broadcast a
video that shows the release of three
captives the video shows an Israeli
woman and two children near the hollit
Kuts near Gaza they were said to have
been released shortly after being
captured by Hamas on Saturday Hamas
sources say the video refutes what they
called false Israeli allegations that
Hamas Fighters killed women and children
well the video follows an earlier
statement by the group that said some
Western media Outlets continue to spread
Zionist slander and lies about our
Palestinian people and there resistance
which falsely and slanderously promoted
allegations that members of the
Palestinian resistance beheaded children
and assaulted women without any evidence
to support their lies and claims Hamas
strongly condemns these baseless
allegations